docs: Adding info re container signatures (#1355)
containers/skopeo: docs/skopeo-standalone-sign.1.md

$
```

## NOTES

> This command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP, as per containers-signature(5). Furthermore, this command does **not** interact with the artifacts generated by Docker Content Trust (DCT).

Reviewer: Could you leave link to the containers-signature page, so that users could easily get it if looking on line?

[containers-signature(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md)

Author: Sure, will do it shortly 🙇‍♀️

Author: Done @rhatdan thanks for the kind feedback 🙇

$
```

## NOTES

> This command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP, as per containers-signature(5). Furthermore, this command does **not** interact with the artifacts generated by Docker Content Trust (DCT). For more information, please see [containers-signature(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md).

Reviewer 2: I don’t care very much at all whether this links to containers-signature(5) the man page, that _and_ a HTTP link, or neither (@rhatdan which one do you prefer?), but it would be neat and tidy for the two standalone-* man pages to have the same text in the NOTES section.

Author: Don't mind either way, I'll go with the consensus of you @mtrmac and @rhatdan 🙇‍♀️

Author: OK, made another commit @mtrmac - is this a little better ? 🙏

Reviewer 2: No response from Dan, so let’s finally get this out of the door.

> This command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP, as per containers-signature(5). Furthermore, this command does **not** interact with the artifacts generated by Docker Content Trust (DCT). For more information, please see [containers-signature(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md).

Author: Ah, OK, so I can indicate that OpenPGP is an example, and that other signature formats may be added in the future

> This command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP, as per containers-signature(5). Furthermore, this command does **not** interact with the artifacts generated by Docker Content Trust (DCT). For more information, please see [containers-signature(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md).

Reviewer 2: I’m not sure spelling these tentative plans out is all that useful either.

Or do you think OpenPGP is important because it allows identifying the signature file format, or something like that?

> This command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP, as per containers-signature(5). Furthermore, this command does **not** interact with the artifacts generated by Docker Content Trust (DCT). For more information, please see [containers-signature(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md).

Author: TBH I don't mind either way, I just used OpenPGP 'cos that's what I've been using for my own tests here - `gpg (GnuPG) 2.2.19`

## SEE ALSO
skopeo(1), skopeo-copy(1), containers-signature(5)

## NOTES

> As described in [Container signature format](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md), this command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP. Further, this command does **not** interact with the artefacts generated by [Docker Content Trust (DCT)](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/trust/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As described in [Container signature format](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md), this command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP. Further, this command does **not** interact with the artifacts generated by [Docker Content Trust (DCT)](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/trust/).
```

Author: Please see my earlier comments above

> As described in [Container signature format](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md), this command is intended for use with local signatures, such as OpenPGP. Further, this command does **not** interact with the artefacts generated by [Docker Content Trust (DCT)](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/trust/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As described in [Container signature format](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-signature.5.md), this command is intended for use with local signature files using the containers-signature(5) format. This command does **not** interact with the artefacts generated by [Docker Content Trust (DCT)](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/trust/).
```

Author: Please see above comment
